fans we're back here again Tommy grace
alongside dancing in Dublin here we just
saw donnie able defeat Donnie York have
his opportunity here for the junior
heavyweight championship they did
survive that six man God let butch
earlier love for him he was the last man
in and Johnny York had a misstep off the
top rope leading to his victory so this
was almost a gift in his return back to
DWI a shot at it junior heavyweight
title act on New York may have had some
knee trouble there and as soon as we get
more information we pass on to you coach
at DWI soe Wesen council she here to
former tag-team partners in this match
Cain and Abel of course they had that
split up when the highwayman injured
Johnny able earlier this year and
Preston Cain now with first-degree horny
Matheny with first-degree I'd say he he
is first degree that the rest of them
feed off of his accomplishments and
accolades I mean him and DLO are
definitely first-degree the rest of them
kind of just filtered it became part of
them they were ushered in by those two
and when my girl should know he was
jumped out of the truth yeah as I as I
assume they do they jump each other out
jump each other in but I don't know
I don't know anything about that but
yeah he's out of it and we know that the
force members been gone for almost a
year now but uh yeah man Preston Cannes
is coming to bwi what nearly a year ago
he sure has come a long way he's one of
Florida independent wrestling Central
Florida independent wrestling top stars
I'd say he can go anywhere and have a
great match come out victorious it's a
shame that Donny ain't taking that and
gotten injured uh taking a step back but
now he's on the way back and I'm sure
he's gonna be right there soon if I
could stumble over one more my words it
would be amazing Shiro totally good
another one they were trying to fight
his way back up to his feet here she's
been waiting for two long years for this
shot at his former partner but these
guys came up and came broke in together
and came right back on the offensive
again the fans on him here at ease
Whoopi Goldberg chains
ain't hiring right back and she wanted
his own you know I think I think it's
quite ignorant of the fans the call him
will be go over just because of his hair
you you're right I don't believe he has
the acting ability I did she goes 10 I I
preferred her perch I've next generation
China diamond I couldn't tell you one
not a nerd one good question of faith
Tommy I'm going to try to avoid it right
before Christmas a leg drop there and I
cover one two nice family photos with a
black eye mr. coop again we see changes
staying on the offensive here he's going
for that d DG from the knees mmm this
could be it dreams of this young man may
be over here in his return match area
you're never going to be able to pin a
guy like Donnie able with the heart that
he had with a cover oh fake shot from
referee Adam ray the guy that you rarely
see you he's such a good referee you
really even noticed him in the ring but
he will not tolerate that obviously he's
no slouch himself Adam rated at 200 is
not one who's going to get pushed around
/ oh I'm a DD to buy Donnie Abel's
desperation or skill either way it sure
did have the desired effect both are
down
now starting account I think this match
was a lot more than trusting Jane had
anticipated coming in here after Donnie
Abel had just been in that match with
Donna York a little bit of a beating he
took their I don't think he thought this
was gonna be that much Oh shades of
Ricky the dragon steamboat here Marshall
when they are not blows with an elbow
never where he wants to go he looks like
he's going up top here Oh dangerous i
don't think preston has been take it out
Oh falling splash getting the q-tip
thrown out either diaper man and you're
able fired up here I believe a second
remember with those guys were close
Oh shove down here oh it's in a Code
Breaker I think this is all over
goodnight Irene your winner Preston can
mmm Donny put up a fight heck of an
effort by the guy can't be in most
lounge I think this is only the
beginning the big things ahead for Donny
able I'm sure once we see him back in
the ring here we'll load it more ash
there's a cheat some wonderful things
fairly new in sorry for talking over
your press McCain again handling his
business full folks after this
commercial break we're going to have a
few more matches make sure to stick with
us here at ewr